# Appropriate-Care
 Appropriateness for civil as well as offering statutes for the people 
Shortly after that day I remember being handed a typewriter after all the diary writing I was excited to have something that I could write in ink and it was pretty cool. I had to practice on how to use it, I was vaguely shown. At first I couldn’t get the letters right they would type backwards and the letters were kinda weird knowing they are in Roman format now, then I thought the letters looked cool and reading them is; well all that mattered. I typed on the white paper each letter at a time and then I thought I should use lined paper though the paper was  thinner and a little harder yet almost impossible staying in the lines of the lined paper. I saw how the instrument shifted from one shift from the ink to the paper,like a ink stamp and though I can’t remember ever having a ink stamp I thought it was fascinating,the sound of each letter printing on the paper as though you are playing an instrument. I loved writing the sincerely letters as I still do today. 
I was given a keyboard with music in third and fifth grade, On the keyboard there were letters as I examined the key board. I thought it was cool to use all the functions at the top; they made cool sounds. Then I started to learn the notes from the music, though I was unfamiliar with playing music, I learned. I preferred writing music rather then playing someone else’s. After Elementary I transferred to a middle school and joined the choir. I loved choir. I sang on stage many times in the choir when we had parents night. My friend and I sang a solo,Mariah Carey There’s a hero. I quit singing in choirs and I quit playing instruments shortly after middle school. 
I am gradually learning the ways of instruments I was never taught, though I am finding the time to join choirs. I am gradually reading music when I have the time and I am learning about my voice the vocalizing parts I knew not about. I’m accomplishing the missed accomplishments of the past. 
